docs: Upload and view a document (#2911)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/how-to-handle-document.adoc

> = Handle a document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Upload and view documents
```

:description: Learn how to upload and view a document

{description}

* Difficulty: intermediate
* Estimated time: 10 minutes

> If you want to select a document from your computer and upload it to your Bonita application, you can use the `FilePicker` widget, and the Bonita's `formFileUpload` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to select a document from your computer and upload it to your Bonita application, you can use the `FilePicker` widget along with the Bonita's `formFileUpload` API.
```

> The DocumentViewer widget allows you to view the uploaded document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DocumentViewer` widget allows you to view the uploaded document.
```

== Upload a document

Go to the `Queries` tab and create a Bonita query that will upload a document, given as parameter to the query:

* `Name`: uploadDocument
* `Method`: POST
* `URL`: /bonita/API/formFileUpload
* `Body`:
  - MULTI_PART_FORM_DATA
  - `Key`: file
  - `Type`: FILE
  - `Value`: {{this.params.file}}

Drag and drop a `FilePicker` widget onto your interface and set the `onFilesSelected` event to call
the `uploadDocument` query with the selected file as a parameter:

image:ui-builder/guides/file-picker-setting.png[file-picker-setting, 500]

To test this step, click on the `FilePicker` widget, select a file from your computer, and click on the `Upload` button.

Then, go to the `Queries` tab and check that the `uploadDocument` query has been called (`Response` tab), the status is `200 OK` and the response contains the document name.

== Display the document name

> You can now display the document name in a text widget. Drag and drop a Text widget onto your interface and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now display the document name in a `Text` widget. Drag and drop a `Text` widget onto your interface and
```

> set the `Text` property to `{{JSON.parse(uploadDocument.data).filename}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set its `Text` property to `{{JSON.parse(uploadDocument.data).filename}}`.
```

> Note the `JSON.parse()` call that allow to transform the response (string) into a JSON object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the `JSON.parse()` call, which transforms the response (string) into a JSON object.
```
